[[Why does Lumafox exist?] The AI wave is coming, and I neither wish to drown nor do I wish to see the destruction of personality in writing, which I deem a public good. As someone who has never sought to publish my writing, saying that is genuinely a surprise. But I suppose that I believe writing, which is often a public good, must reveal some expression of the soul, which is typically considered a private good - we see to the salvation of our own soul. Yet with writing, we allow others to glimpse our own soul, and we thereby have an affect on their soul; one cannot touch another's soul through generic writing without passion, blood, or voice. One must leave a piece of one's soul on the canvas for it to truly touch another - that is the price of writing. It is a price we should not avoid, but it is an honor reserved for the greatest writers. It must be earned. Then what is Lumafox? Is it an attempt to create a shadow of the soul of an individual to produce efficient works that do not wholly belong to them but are also better to consume than the alternative? Is Lumafox, then, a compromise with people's laziness? One should not compromise with laziness without accounting for greed. I seek money in exchange for people's laziness, assuming that they will be open to paying money to sound a little better when they don't care enough about how they sound to write themselves. "They don't have time," they say. The man who goes to confession to seek to the salvation of his soul makes time. Things tending to the soul are rarely convenient, but they are nevertheless the most important things we can do in this life. 